Update changelog for 9.2.1 (#384)
mapbox/mapbox-gl-native-android: CHANGELOG.md

Mapbox welcomes participation and contributions from everyone. Please read [`Contributing Guide`](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) to get started.

## 9.2.1 - May 15, 2020
### Improvements and bug fixes

>  - Fixed a crash when `Layer.getFilter()` has expression `distance` content. ([#380](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native-android/pull/380))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Fixed a crash when `Layer.getFilter()` is used with the `distance` expression. ([#380](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native-android/pull/380))
```

>  - Fixed a crash when rotation on an Android 4.2.2 x86 tablet. ([#381](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native-android/pull/381)（h/t [ystsoi](https://github.com/ystsoi))

Reviewer: This looks good, and thanks for remembering the h/t! but I have a slight preference for going with the more specific changelog entry in @tobrun's PR, which seems to be the right level of detail:

> Reset AndroidRendererBackend properly to prevent a crash during rotation on an Android 4.2.2 x86 tablet.

>  - Added compiler and linker options to reduce binary size for release build. ([#382](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native-android/pull/382))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Resolved an increase in binary size between 9.1.0 and 9.2.0 due to missing compiler and linker options in release builds. ([#382](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native-android/pull/382))
```
